hey folks today we're at Marchant
Chevrolet looking at a 2007 chevy
silverado extended cab okay silver in
color what a clean truck it is today
we're doing a walk-around videos so you
can see the condition of her before you
come out and test drive and purchase was
I've got a nice set of BF Goodrich tires
the chrome wheels okay again extended
cab so far the body looks clean no major
dents dings or scratches does come with
a tow package right here on the bottom
right there as you can see it's an LT
okay let's don't forget go to Marchant
chevy comm for more information give us
a call at that phone number on the
bottom of the ad okay now this one has
fifty six thousand five hundred and
twenty five miles on it very clean comes
a nice features like power windows power
locks and power mirrors grey cloth
interior steering wheel comes with
cruise control CD player auxilary hookup
right there as well very clean as you
can see the floor's comes with a set of
all season floor mats let's crank her up
cranks just right up easy as can be
again there's your mileage fifty six
thousand five hundred and fifty three
miles
also comes with an OnStar system and a
compass right up top there very nice
extended cab hoping that right up you
got those back seats right there in the
back as well the price is eighteen nine
21 there's a snap-on truck going on
through that's right our mechanics you
snap-on that's a wonderful brand of
tools again the price is eighteen nine
2107 Chevy Silverado right here at
marchin Chevrolet just 15 minutes south
down Savannah Iowa come on out and see
us for no-nonsense truck bye have a
great day